fix(deps): update pjs api (#957)
paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar: README.md

### Updating polkadot-js dependencies

1. Every Monday the polkadot-js ecosystem will usually come out with a new release. It's important that we keep up,
and read the release notes for any breaking changes or high priority updates. In order to update all the dependencies and resolutions run `yarn update-pjs-deps`.

    - @polkadot/api [release notes](https://github.com/polkadot-js/api/releases)
    - @polkadot/apps-config [release notes](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/releases)
      - If there are any major changes to this package that includes third party type packages, its worth noting to contact the maintainers of sidecar and do a peer review of the changes in apps-config, and make sure no bugs will be inherited.
    - @polkadot/util-crypto [release notes](https://github.com/polkadot-js/common/releases)
    - @substrate/calc [npm release page](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@substrate/calc)

> 1. Ensure everything is uptodate and working by running the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure everything is up to date and working by running the following:
```
